
Introduction: 

The given information in this Valireum white paper may not be exhaustive and does not imply any contractual relationship. This paper is for information purposes only and does not constitute and is not intended to be an offer of securities or any other financial or investment instrument in any jurisdiction. Any reader should be advised that the purchase of our tokens may involve high risks. 
 It is the responsibility of the potential participant or contributor to ensure that participation in any of the sales is not prohibited under the applicable laws of said participant’s or contributor’s country of residence or domicile.
This version and future versions of the white paper may be modified at any time.
The Valireum platform is world’s first fully capable decentralized virtual ecosystem and maintained by.............,... ..................officially registered in UAE respectively under company no............................................

Abstract: 

This paper presents a realisable vision for the future of gaming built on top of the Ethereum Blockchain first, and then on the Valireum Platform, to manage increasingly complex and appealing game worlds as well as securing and simplifying the ownership, sharing, and trade of virtual assets.

Valireum achieves this through the democratisation of game development and deployment, allowing developers to bring their vision to life quickly, without costs. 
Valireum treats game developers as partners and offers a complete solution to build games from scratch with free hosting services to kickstart. If the game is successful Valireum hosting services will scale, and unlike other providers, the Valireum platform will pay the developers loyalties for each new player connected to the game.

It will provide a wealth of templates, tools and a state-of-the-art infrastructure for game developers to build their own games. Fully decentralized, autonomous games where players have provably fair gameplay with true ownership of their in-game items.
Until now scaling has been a major difficulty for blockchains and particularly for massive game worlds and their virtual asset creations. 
Since Valireum world is distributed in form of non-fungible tokens(NFT) in the Ethereum blockchain, this means anyone holding a token has a instant access to all the services that Valireum provides. 

Furthermore, developers can fully leverage the Valireum Universe to create their own Ecosystems and currency that can be traded easily in ......................???????? 


Cryptocurrency and blockchain technology are  having a significant impact on the gaming sector, which is expected to become a $154 bilion global industry by 2021. That is why it can be said that the gaming industry is one of the fastest growing tech industries in the world. The potential of cryptocurrency technologies in games is practically untapped and we are only starting! 
We see the blockchain as a transformational technology where games transcend the virtual and take on a life of their own in the real world.
Just like in the world of finance where investors require a safe environment to carry out their transactions, gamers require a safe platform to develop their own games. 
What we proposed  is gaming using the blockchain to provide a secure, decentralised, autonomous, and flexible platform upon which a variety of games and projects can be built. Valireum is the world’s first fully capable decentralized virtual ecosystem meant to help game creators, developers, realize and distribute their vision. 

Assume you are a talented developer with a great idea for a killer game app, however, you have no experience in the gaming industry. Centralized gaming companies operate in a highly competitive environment and experience is of premium value for them. You will likely wait a while before you land that job in a gaming company to develop that killer game of yours.

For developers just starting in the industry of gaming, the task of choosing the best game engine that's the right fit for your project, can be a challenge.


Things like user input, physics, lighting, rendering, and collision are all pre-designed.  
The kind of games you can make will be greatly influenced by the technology that underpins them. 
The advantage of using Valireum is that is solves many universal problems that apply to all games. 
If you're only just beginning your journey in game development, or if you're part of a small team, or already expert in gaming development, Valireum is offer you everyting you need in one place so you can focus only on the fun part: making games - developing your project. 

Valireum Partnerships

Unreal engine 4(Epic games)

Unreal Engine is one of the leading game engines used in the gaming industry with Unreal engine 4 of being the most prominent and widely-used Game Engine developed by Epic Games. 

Unreal Engine has proved its worth in multiple genres and styles of games over the years. In Unreal Tournament, Gears of War, Fortnite - this is where Unreal Engine excels.
Is also great for large-scale games, as demonstrated by its standing as a mainstay of AAA development, Unreal scales well to larger teams and games with a lot of content. Photorealism is one of the reasons why is widely used outside of games too, in sectors such as architecture, product design, and filmmaking. The UE4 is supported by a wide range of features and tools, within an intuitive editor that is accessible to many disciplines.
Its tools provides solutions for pretty much every macro task you'll have to address: scene layout including landscape and foliage, cinematics, visual scripting, particle system, animation network, materials creation, lightmapping, asset management, level of details, physics, basic bricks of AI, performance and memory tracking tools for optimisation. 
The texturing and materials tools in Unreal are second to none. 
There are also tools built in that makes building for virtual or augmented reality a lot easier, thank to performance tracking. 
Unreal is very powerful and combines reach, technical sophistication with flexibility. 
The ability to have access to the entire C++ source code for the engine and modify it to your needs is one of the reasons UE4 is so flexible. It is important if we take into consideration the fact that C++, alongside Java, is the most used engine in game development. 

In addition to being flexible, UE4 allows for quick prototyping and iteration, which is useful when starting a new project. Is made simple for non-technical staff by its visual scripting system, Blueprint.

With more than 7.5 million developers using Unreal - according to Epic CEO Tim Sweeney at GDC 2019 - it is one of the most popular game engines.

Projects built in Unreal Engine 4 will be compatible with (and can be moved to) Unreal Engine 5 when it launches in 2021.

Amazon AWS 

AWS (Amazon Web Services) is a comprehensive, evolving cloud computing platform provided by Amazon that includes a mixture of infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS) and packaged software as a service (SaaS) offerings.
 AWS services can offer an organization tools such as compute power, database storage and content delivery services.

How AWS works

AWS is separated into different services; each can be configured in different ways based on the user's needs. AWS can also be used for game development and AR & VR (Augmented reality and virtual reality). 
AWS offers augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) development tools through the Amazon Sumerian service. Amazon Sumerian allows users to create AR and VR applications without needing to know programming or create 3D graphics. The service also enables users to test and publish applications in-browser. 
Amazon Sumerian can be used in:
 • 3D web applications
 • E-commerce & sales applications
 • Marketing
 • Online education
 • Manufacturing
 • Training simulations
 • Gaming
Game development
Large game developing companies, such as UBISOFT, will use AWS services for their games, like “For Honor”. 
AWS can provide services for each part of a game's lifecycle.


For example, AWS will provide a developer back-end services, analytics and developer tools. Developer tools help aid developers in making their game, while back-end services might be able to help with building, deploying or scaling a developer's platform. Analytics might help developers better know their customers and how they play the game.  Developers can also store data, or host game data on AWS servers.
With Amazon handing bandwidth and the cloud, you can focus on making beautiful environments and compelling characters with fun, engaging storylines.Technical artists will find a suite of tools at their disposal including physically-based shaders, dynamic global illumination, particle effects, and volumetric fog.

Ethereum Blockchain

Valireum will initially be built on Ethereum Blockchain that thanks to the large number of developers involved, the availability of extensive documentation and constant updates, is considered to be the best platform for deploying any infrastructure, whether it be games, financial instruments or social networks and the applications for it are created on the basis of a basic decentralized architecture.
