
Valireum is a Virtual Universe which has three distinct digital assets, each one with unique attributes and different value. 

VLM - Valireum’s fungible, ERC20 cryptocurrency token, that will be used throughout the Valireum Ecosystem as our main currency with which users will be able to perform any type of payment. 
This utility token will allow you to buy PLANETS and the items you may need, to create your extraordinary experiences.
VLM max Supply: 50 000 000 VLM

SHARE - a Non-Fungible Token (NFT), guarantees to the holder a percentage of the Investors Fund. The Investors Fund is formed by 25% of all in-game items and  NFTs sales, as well as 45% of all the Ads income of the Valireum Universe. 

SHARES max supply: 10000 Shares(NFT) (each token represent 0.01% of the total investor's shares).

WORLDS - a NFT token. Each WORLD is a unique collectible item 
which guarantees access to the following Valireum services and tools:

1. V-Editor: Game developing tool that can update your game world in real-time.
2. Online game hosting service with scalable dedicated computing power, players matchmaking, and queue configurable tools.
3. Scalable database, notification system, API event/triggers.

Worlds tokens supply 1050(Scalable) divided into two categories:

1. Large-Planet: 300 tokens - Size(15Km*15km)

2. Small-Planet: 750 tokens - Size(6km*6km)


Each PLANET and SHARE is tokenized as an ERC-721 non-fungible token (NFT) that uses the transparency of public distributed ledger technology to track their uniqueness with individual identities and properties and enable true digital ownership. Overall, to generate real value in the Valireum Ecosystem. 

The PLANETS are the canvas on which you can create your amazing experiences. As an owner, you will have the full creative freedom to build your own game or ecosystem by deploying your own Ethereum contract and token, including the ability to sell or rent your Planets.

The PLANETS owners will be free to sell or trade their creations, items, and planets in the Valireum Marketplace and in any existing NFT marketplace on the Ethereum blockchain.


Use cases examples:

SMALL-PLANET is recommended for games like Battleground PUBG style, FPS shooter, etc.
LARGE-PLANET is recommended for massively multiplayer games with or without an open world.

